[docs] Big update of network policies docs (#20461)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/network/policy/CONFIGURATION.md

{% alert level="warning" %}
Do not enable `cni-cilium` and `network-policy-engine` at the same time: Cilium already enforces network policies.
{% endalert %}

## What is available in each engine

When choosing a policy format, consider what each engine supports:

- standard `NetworkPolicy` (L3/L4, namespaced) — supported by both engines;
- `CiliumNetworkPolicy` (L3–L7, FQDN, deny rules, namespaced) — only with `cni-cilium`;
- `CiliumClusterwideNetworkPolicy` (L3–L7, FQDN, deny rules, cluster-scoped) — only with `cni-cilium`;
- node-level host firewall via `CiliumClusterwideNetworkPolicy` with `nodeSelector` — only with `cni-cilium`;
- policy audit mode ([`policyAuditMode`](/modules/cni-cilium/configuration.html#parameters-policyauditmode)) — only with `cni-cilium`.

## Network infrastructure requirements

If the underlying infrastructure restricts network communication between servers, make sure the following conditions are met:

> - Pod traffic tunneling is enabled: [`tunnelMode`](/modules/cni-cilium/configuration.html#parameters-tunnelmode) for CNI Cilium, [`podNetworkMode`](/modules/cni-flannel/configuration.html#parameters-podnetworkmode) for CNI Flannel. Additionally, allow inter-node communication over the VXLAN port from the [platform component network interaction list](/en/reference/network_interaction.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pod traffic tunneling is enabled: [`tunnelMode`](/modules/cni-cilium/configuration.html#parameters-tunnelmode) for CNI Cilium, [`podNetworkMode`](/modules/cni-flannel/configuration.html#parameters-podnetworkmode) for CNI Flannel. Additionally, allow inter-node communication over the VXLAN port from the [platform component network interaction list](/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/reference/network_interaction.html).
```

Broken link

- Traffic between pod subnets ([`podSubnetCIDR`](/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/reference/api/cr.html#clusterconfiguration-podsubnetcidr)) encapsulated in VXLAN is allowed, if the network inspects traffic inside the tunnel.
- Communication with external systems the cluster integrates with (LDAP, SMTP, external APIs) is allowed.
- Local communication inside each cluster node is allowed.

> - Inter-node communication is allowed on the ports listed in the [platform component network interaction list](/en/reference/network_interaction.html). Most ports are in the 4200–4299 range; new platform components are assigned ports from the same range when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inter-node communication is allowed on the ports listed in the [platform component network interaction list](/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/reference/network_interaction.html. Most ports are in the 4200–4299 range; new platform components are assigned ports from the same range when possible.
```

Broken link
